cloud: update doc for left navigation (#11568)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-replication.md

To monitor lag concerning the RPO, do the following:

> 1. Navigate to the **Data Replication** tab of your TiDB cluster and click the **Changefeed** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the cluster overview page of your TiDB cluster and click the **Changefeed** tab on the left navigation bar.
```
